Ruby agent docs updates (#11703)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/agent-release-notes/ruby-release-notes/ruby-agent-6150.mdx

releaseDate: '2021-01-19'
version: 6.15.0
downloadLink: 'https://rubygems.org/downloads/newrelic_rpm-6.15.0.gem'

> features: ["Add official support for Ruby 3.0", "Add support for Rails 6.1", "Add support for Sidekiq 6.0, 6.1", "Add force_install_exit_handler config flag"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Add support for Ruby 3.0", "Add support for Rails 6.1", "Add support for Sidekiq 6.0, 6.1", "Add force_install_exit_handler config flag"]
```

> features: ["Add official support for Ruby 3.0", "Add support for Rails 6.1", "Add support for Sidekiq 6.0, 6.1", "New 'force_install_exit_handler' config flag"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
features: ["Add official support for Ruby 3.0", "Add support for Rails 6.1", "Add support for Sidekiq 6.0, 6.1", "Add force_install_exit_handler config flag"]
```

> bugs: ["Distributed tracing no longer overwrites Sidekiq trace data", "Errors correctly reported for spans with no other attributes", "Record DistributedTracing.insert_distributed_trace_headers supportability metric"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bugs: ["Stop overwriting Sidekiq trace data in distributed tracing", "Report errors correctly for spans with no other attributes", "Record DistributedTracing.insert_distributed_trace_headers supportability metric"]
```

> bugs: ["Distributed tracing no longer overwrites Sidekiq trace data", "Errors correctly reported for spans with no other attributes", "'DistributedTracing.insert_distributed_trace_headers' supportability metric now recorded"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bugs: ["Distributed tracing no longer overwrites Sidekiq trace data", "Errors correctly reported for spans with no other attributes", "Record DistributedTracing.insert_distributed_trace_headers supportability metric"]
```
